Today I have brought to you a story that will make your heart beat faster. A long time ago, someone was asking me about this movie. I was like, why is he asking me about this movie? I was like, I'm glad I didn't watch this movie when I was a kid. Otherwise, I would have been in a lot of trouble. Because this is a hard-frenching movie. So the name of the movie is Never Let Me Go. It came out in 2010. Thank you so much for asking me to talk about the movie. Since we don't have to watch anything online, and it will get spoiled, let's get into the story quickly. At the beginning of the movie, they start by telling a story that no one can believe. In 1952, due to a major change in medical science, the doctors are also curing diseases that cannot be cured. Due to this, the average age of humans has exceeded 100 years. So if we easily cure diseases, the age will definitely increase, right? This is the shocking truth that this movie starts with. The beginning of the movie is 1995. A girl is staying in a hospital. She is the heroine of the movie. Her name is Cathy. She stands in the observation area of the operation theatre. She brings a young man with a stretcher to the operation theatre. His name is Domi. He is the hero of the movie. I think he is going to donate his organ. The procedure is going on for that. There is already a ceremony like this. The heroine who stands in this direction looks at him sadly. He looks at her too. Then she says in a voiceover, My name is Kathy. I am 28 years old. I work as a carer in this hospital. Karen is the one who takes care of the body parts. She looks at the dame and says, So, the flashback goes on. Then in 1978, They show a boarding school, It's called Hallisham. The students here don't have a family or parents. They study here without knowing the outside world. They haven't left this school and gone out of their childhood. The teachers here are their guardians. So, the assembly. The students study together in the assembly. The main character in the film is our heroine Cathy, then hero Domi, and then Cathy's close friend Ruth. After the parade song, our headmistress gives a speech in the upper stage. So what she is saying is that we should eat well, be healthy, and not do anything that will harm our health. We should take care of our health and that is what she is saying with a lot of pain. Not only now, but this is what they have been suffering from since they were kids. The boys are now in their teenage years. After the assembly, Ruth and Kathy are playing in the Biblia Ground. Both of them are running like a Debiani Rumba. Ruth has a die-hard horse in her hand and she is playing with it. She is telling her imagination with that horse die. The boys and girls are playing cricket together. There is a miss. The boys are looking at her in a strange way. Actually, they would have just come to that school. In cricket, there is a boy who plays ball. Cathy, Domi and Ruth are a team. The ball that the boy is playing, goes out to the friends who are in school. It's just a small job. If you go beyond that job, you can easily get it from Domi. But it was a bit difficult to get it from there. They miss this and look at it. After the boys play, they call and ask. The ball that was hit fell on the small job over there. If you ask why they didn't take it, Actually, this school is in the middle of the forest. So, we shouldn't go out of the school. If we go out, they won't let us go back to school. Then we have to die in the forest. That's how some people went through this school and died in the forest. Suddenly, they were told stories that they couldn't go out of the school. They have scared them. I don't know if they have told the truth or not. But these boys shouldn't go out of the school. So, we don't know how the world will be like from their birth. The reaction of Miss Lucy is that, the school principal is trying to hide a secret from the kids. We don't know what is the reason behind their healthy and safe upbringing. The kids draw art and drawings, but they don't know how to do anything properly. So, the kids are playing and drawing elephants. They don't know if they have seen elephants in person. They are like how we have seen dinosaurs in books. They are drawing these animals. Dami is a back-stabbing animal. So, the boys are teasing her. They are teasing Ruth too. Actually, Ruth, Dami and Kathy are friends. Ruth is always teasing Dami. But Kathy is not like that. She is a very calm girl. She is very patient. She understands others' pain, pain and feelings. She is always supportive for them. What other people need is a caring and selfless character. Dami doesn't like to tease because she has an affection for Dami. That's when teenage starts. It's not the age to start with a first love. One day, Dami and the boys are teasing each other. The boys leave him alone and go to play. He screams in anger. From a distance, Ruth and Kathy are watching. Ruth says, let them get angry. Ruth says that people will understand and de-escalate. Kathy says that she will talk to him and will make him calm. But he turns around in anger and his hand is stuck in her shoulder. So his shoulder is swollen. He apologizes to her. She doesn't take it seriously. After some time, Miss Lucy calls him and talks to him. Kathy looks at him from a distance. After some time, the doctor goes to see him. He asks what happened to his shoulder and she doesn't know. After the doctor's visit, she asks Miss Lucy what you were talking about to Dami. She asks, what were you talking about? Or was it my friend who was angry? Miss Lucy is an important character and she tries to tell these boys something. If she tells them, it will be dangerous for their job. That's why they hesitate. They are teased by the boys for not getting angry with Dami and for reacting. Don't get angry. We are behind in sports. We can't draw well. Don't be sad. It's not important here. She didn't tell her what she said. He was eating alone at lunch. She went to him and asked him to sit down. He asked her if she didn't sit with the girls. No, you are alone. I came to give you company. I hit you without knowing. You do what you want. She took him by the ear. She took a lot of caring on him. Dami is a very quick guy. After lunch, both of them are talking to each other. Miss Lucy tells them about the drawings. Lucy is doubtful about the importance of drawings. Because art drawings are very important in their childhood. If you draw them, they will take them to America for gallery. They will see the great people there. They would have had a desire since childhood. That's why the boys are very interested in drawing. But Miss Lucy said that the art and creativity that he draws is not important. Don't worry about it. The same thing that all the teachers say is that you should always be healthy, take care of your health, be creative, and draw art. But only these two people are saying that they are against it. Cathy is always in class and she is always looking at Dami. Dami is always looking at her. The affection she has for Dami is very strong. Even though these kids don't have an external life, they are given basic external happiness. For example, they are entertained by watching movies like in the theaters. Or they are entertained by playing with people in cafes and restaurants. These are the kinds of classes they are taking. This is what Miss Lucy is doing. So, Ruth notices that there is some kind of tension between Kathy and Tom in this exercise. The other day, when both of them were lying in bed, Ruth said to them, He is also in love with Arthur. He brainwashed Arthur. The reason is that, Dami is the same as Kathy. Ruth also likes Dami. Both of them are dating the same guy. Kathy is only interested in Dami. So, she let Arthur go and divert him. She said that she can correct Dami. But, she has a crush on Kathy since childhood. She simply said that Arthur is not her type. The art and drawings collected by the artists are collected and the teachers conduct secret meetings. Ruth and Kathy try to see and hear the drawings but they are unable to open the door. The next day, a lady named Ms. Claude comes to buy the art and drawings. She is the one who buys the drawings and takes them to the American Gallery. The next day, the assembly is held. The headmistress says that Ms. Claude has come to buy the drawings and the art that you drew. and tomorrow is their token sale. The boys are very happy and excited. The next day, they bring the boxed boxes out. When we see what these are, they bring out the cheap items that are available outside the country, the items that are used in the outside world and the items that are not needed, and the boys get the tokens they get The boys follow the instructions and give the tokens to the students and the tokens are currency made They have tokens which are used to buy things that are needed for the sale This is a very common item for kids. But, they don't know what kind of items they will buy. That's why they are buying these unnecessary items. They are buying these items with the currency they have. Lucy is the one who is looking at the items. She is very happy to see the kids buying these items. They decided to tell them about the case. After seeing the sale, Cathy came out and sat down. Then, Dobby asked, What happened? Don't you have any currency? I have many tokens. But they are in a group. I will buy them after everyone leaves. He said, I have bought a music cassette for you. It looks like he is playing a record for our mother. Even if it is a small thing, he will be happy. But when she gives him a cassette, his affection for her becomes stronger. He has a strong desire for her. With those feelings, he kisses her in her room and runs to her room. I think there is a tape recorder in her room. She listens to that song. I think it's a romantic song. She thinks of Ammin and Domain and listens to it. Isn't this how you can have a romantic feeling after a song? Ruth noticed that Dami had bought a music asset for her and she was listening to music and she was looking at it from a distance. So she asked her to look at it again. So both of them took it. The next day, they were in class and Miss Lucy was there. She decided to tell the boys the truth and that there would be no problem if they got into any trouble. That's when she started revealing the truth. I asked my kids, do you know what you will become when you grow up? They were calm and had dreams and dreams. They had dreams of becoming a doctor, engineer, teacher etc. That's what they were thinking. They wanted to go to America and do what they wanted to do. But they were wrong. Their future was already decided. We say that you are not going to go to your dreams or your dreams or your favorite job as you wish. The kids were so quiet for a minute and they didn't understand what they were saying. Now they are slowly revealing it completely. Do you know why you were actually created? You are the human-like clone created to donate organs needed for humans living in the outside world. You can't go anywhere as you wish even after growing up. Your future is already decided. You were created to give organs to humans. At any time, they will take the organs that humans need from you. They will take up to 4 organs. You will be alive until then. Then they will say that you are complete. That is, you will die. After death, they will take the rest of your body. That is why they have been taking care of you since childhood. These boys were so excited. Until then, their future vision was changing. After that, Ms. Lucy was completely broken. Because, even if their feelings were normal, they could have accepted it. But, just like a normal human, they also have feelings, emotions, dreams of the future, desires, love, friendship, and jealousy. They are very distressed by how we use their bodies. That's why they came to school to make it clear to the students. But it is not a big deal even if it is revealed to the world. Because the government is running it. And the people of the world know that there is such a school. That's why in 1952, they cured the diseases that doctors couldn't cure. After 1967, the average age of the people would have exceeded 100 years. So they are the reason for that. They took their bodies and researched them. They cured the diseases that people couldn't cure. They took the necessary organs. They would have thought that they would escape somehow. But, they were not sure if it was right or wrong. Next was Azamli. The headmistress said that they fired Ms. Luzi. They fired her because she was against the laws and regulations. Even if we come to the institute, no one can stop the movement and the way the school works. The kids were thinking about something and they were listening to something. Ruth and Dami were standing next to each other. Ruth was holding Dami's hand. Both of them were holding each other tightly. Kathy was shocked to see this. Then she realized that Ruth was in love with Dami. That's why she was feeling the tension. She was in a daze. Dami would have been the only one who was feeling the tension. She thought that he was the one who was missing. Until then, their frustration caused a mental breakdown and the heart was broken. Even after the assembly, they were sitting alone. Cathy was watching from the distance. So Ruth's plan was to make Cathy and Domi fall in love. So that they can express their love to Domi. So she called them and talked to them. Cathy didn't understand what to do and what to say. Because they were friends. Cathy was very patient and wouldn't react and would handle it. That's when she realized. Ruth kisses Dami and says, That's it. Dami's dream castle is now empty. She looks at the castle with a sad look in her eyes. She leaves the castle without saying anything. Now, she is going through 5-6 years. When she was 18, she was sent to a place called Cottage. The boys pack their things and leave. At last, Cathy takes all her belongings. So Cathy becomes a big girl. So when they leave the room, Cathy leaves. Everyone leaves. They get into the van. To the cottage area. When they get into the van, There is a boy and a girl next to them. It's Domi and Ruth. They have been in love for so long. So Cathy still doesn't have a crush on Domi. When they are close, it's a little hard. But they talk happily. But the love for Dami is not revealed yet. They just left the couple and left. So they are coming to the cottage. This is not a strict school. It is more of a freedom. There are rooms and TV's to go to the pool. And before them, there are two roommates. They are in love like a couple. So why are they here? They are still in the process of making the donation. When they were young, Miss Lucy revealed to them. And tried to make them a little more visible. After that, they were given jobs. The students would have started to think a little. After that, the school administration would have turned them around a little. You would have been created entirely for the sake of humans. Someone like you would be original. You are their clone. You would have been donated up to four stages. After four stages, you would have died. So, they would have normalized that you should be proud to donate. If you look at it that way, they have come to the cottage from school life. Even now, they don't know anything about the outside world. They don't have any experience in social life. They just watch the TV shows and the views that come out of it. They copy and learn from each other. They watch a romantic scene. If they watch this scene, Ruth will act romantic with Dami and she will rub her shoulder. Kathy is watching this scene and she is feeling a bit uncomfortable when she is watching this. Kathy asks Ruth, why did you press your shoulder like that? You watched it on TV. You copied it and did it like that, right? No, I felt like holding her hand for a bit of romance. So I kept it. What's your problem? Domi and I are in love. Not only that, there's another couple in our room. She asks if we're single among couples and if you're jealous. So, your friendship is getting a little bit bigger. Not only that, Domi behaves like a child. He doesn't like talking to Ruth, but he likes talking to Cathy too. So, he has a deeper relationship with her than with Ruth. So both of them go out and talk to each other and Ruth gets a little angry. Everyone is in the same building. Ruth and Dami are always in a fight. This is a little difficult for her. If you look at it this way, both of them are angry with Dami. One day, we see a magazine in Kathy's hand. That is, a magazine that is not exposed, but a magazine that is used to shoot women's photos. Someone has put this in there. She is looking at the magazine with that photo. The reason he is looking at it is because there are many photos of women in it He is looking for the original person of the women in it Because surely in the outside world someone like you will be original Someone like you will be alive You are their clone So she is searching for her original partner. Dami asks why she is looking at that face. Even though she is just looking at it, she is asking it continuously. She is angry and says to give it to Ruth. Because she would have seen both of them together in bed a while ago. She is saying this in that anger. Because Ruth and Kathy are friends even if they are angry. So, whatever it is, they will share it immediately. Ruth is asking for an important thing. Before coming to this cottage, there was already a couple in the room. Both of them came to donate to Madurai. But they left without their badges. But both of them are still in this cottage. They will be sent in a few days. But they have experienced the life outside the country. When they went out, they saw a girl like Ruth. They said that she is definitely Ruth's original. So they said that they are going to meet her tomorrow. They said that they are coming with Dami. So they said that they would also like to meet her. So they called the couple to a restaurant. They have a lot of experience in the outside world. But this is new for our kids. They were taught to walk in this way when they were young. The couple says that they can't do it in real world with such practices. The couple is from another school like them. The clone children who were given this donation system are made to study in different places. The best school in that is the school called Holy Shami. Because they would have taught you a lot of things from childhood. So they doubted that they would give some money to the students who studied in your school. Our students are also asking what money is. One of the students who came to this college from their college, a girl and a boy have been in love with each other. So from this stage, the next stage is donation. Everyone was qualified to donate, but not only that couple. Because according to clone clones, love and affection will not spread. But because they had a very short-lived relationship, they were very disappointed and they lived together for 4 years. After that, they sent them to donation. Likewise, we both love each other. Perhaps, the kids who study in your school have the same habit? Do we have it too? Where should we go to see the school? That's when Cathy said, we have heard a lot of rumors in our school. They didn't say it's true. They were very upset that it's not true. So, isn't there a couple like that? Is it all a rumor? So they are worried that they will be sent to donation soon and they will be separated. So they come to Ruth's original office and see her through the mirror. She is not like Ruth, she is a different girl. This is a big disappointment for Ruth and she is screaming in tension. They are disappointed that they can't see her original. They can escape from here but they have been modified to that extent. They can't go beyond this system. They can't even go if they think of a couple. They have a lot of experience in this social life. But if they go out of here, they don't know what to do, how to survive, what to do. They have modified them like robots from their childhood. They have made them to do their job by donating. So, they want to live together for 4-5 years. They come home and even when they come home, they are going to the band with the sensor. That's why they are always surrounded by the eye-catchers. So Dami is making a film soon. Someone is hiding the film. We don't know the reason. Kathy and Dami walk into the forest and talk. The couple was heartbroken yesterday. They both want to live together for a few years. But he says he doesn't know if there is a deferral. Actually, Cathy would have said that it was a rumor and that it was not possible to exist. Domi says that she thinks that it is possible to exist. First, if two people love, the artist can understand how they love. That art was drawn from childhood. So, through that art, how the inner feelings of the clone, how the feelings, thoughts, and thoughts of the clone will be understood. To put it in one word, the drawings will show one's love. That's how we take the drawings to the gallery and go. When we were told that they were checking our inner feelings, Cathy was wondering if it could be that way. If it was, you and Ruth would have been happy for a few years. When she hears that, she feels bad. When she is waiting for the answer, she says no. Why do I say no? If someone's love is expressed through art, I didn't know art from childhood. I haven't taken my art to the gallery. Then how will they understand my love? That's it, my story is over, he says. The art that we drew for Cathy has been to the gallery a lot. But the art that he drew hasn't gone to the gallery. So what he says is, that's it, our story is over. When he says that, the sympathy and love that he has for her is completely shattered and makes her cry. She can't control her emotions, she cries and leaves. From there, she wears the music that he gave her as a kid and listens to it in headphones. Dami was in love with her parents when she was a kid. So she was happy. All these songs made her cry. She was crying and feeling sad. So Ruth stopped. So what she was worried about was Dami and Kathy were walking in the forest and talking. Dami was sharing with Kathy a lot. So she was worried about that. Look, I'm the one who truly loves you. I'm just a friend to you. Whatever you tell her, she'll tell me. We both will tell her and laugh at it. He is so much like a ghost to me. This girl says all the things that are not there. She says that he takes everything that we talk to her. Through the love that is there, the things she says are added. She is very affected. Then there is a conclusion. So, only if they are here, we should feel sad and feel sad. What he does after saying that we have left from here is, Actually, there are two options for the clones here. One can go as a donor and the other can go as a carer. Donor means to donate. Carer is a job that takes care of the student who is donating to someone. So, if you ask why everyone can go as a carer, that's not the case. They can only be a carer at a certain stage. After that, they will also take their parts as donors. In general, it's okay to go as a donor, it's okay to go as a carer, but the parts will definitely be formed. Those who go as a donor will go to the donation and say, we will soon pass 4 stages, we will be complete, we will die, why should we suffer? People who are going to be a carer will take care of the patient and take responsibility. So instead of getting stuck in this love affair, Kathy leaves the house. Now 10 years later, 1994. As mentioned in the first scene, Mahir is 28 years old. Since she is a carer, she has been given a separate apartment. In her background voice, she says, I don't have much time to think about Dami and Ruth in these 10 years. Because I don't have time to take care of my patients. I came out of the past life. They have matured a lot as they are 28 years old. Because they can understand that nothing happened in the hospital life. They would have taken care of a patient yesterday, but they would have died today. It seems that they donate to everyone in 4 stages. Some people would have died in the second stage. Not everyone was affected by any disease and brought to the hospital. They are all normal and good people. They take their body parts to donate to others. They are getting complete. So, the words used here are all dead. She comes to the hospital and says that a girl is being taken care of. This is like the first donation. So, when is the second operation? What should we eat and what should we do? She talks to the girl and then another girl is also taken care of. When she sees what happened to that girl, she says that if the girl dies before the third stage, you can sign in the reception. She comes down to the reception. The people down there are the ones who donated their hands and legs. All of them are youths, 30 years old and in school. When we put the signature on the reception, we see a girl's photo on the monitor. The girl is Ruth. We see Ruth's photo. When we look at it, we ask the receptionist who is the girl. She says, she is my friend. She has been looking at her for 10 years and is very sad. When we ask how many donations she has made, she says she has finished two. She says she is there for the third donation. She comes to a hall to meet her friend. The hall looks empty but there is a horse tie that Ruth used to wear in her childhood in a bed pocket. and there are some things that remind us of our friendship like our friend is here she comes out of the restroom so after two stages she walks in a walking stick she has seen her friend and left what will happen after 10 years? but she would have left the machine after getting hurt without thinking about it so now she is on the road to her death she is talking to her family she asks where is Dami and asks her heart Dami is in a hospital Ruth is telling her that she is finishing her first surgery So that it That why we were raised After operations are over I don know if I be alive in the third operation Shall we all go somewhere together Shall we go to school? I ask her a little desire. Because I don't know if I'll be in the next stage. Okay, okay. The two of them take a car and come to a hospital to see our dummy. We are so happy to see him. It's so normal. It comes to mind. She runs away and holds him affectionately. Then the three of them come in the car. After 10 years, the three of them came together and decided to go to school. But they were beaten up by the school. They were told that they should not raise these clones. They were the only ones who decided to go to school. They were just wearing a veil and were sitting on the beach. Both of them had started their operation. They were only a few months old. They were told that they would be transferred from Carrier to Donor and start their operation. Ruth tells her that after she left the cottage, Ruth and Domi broke up. Domi doesn't like Ruth that much. From the beginning, Ruth would only go to Domi. But Domi was in love with Kathy. They were in between and Ruth agreed to it. After Kathy left, Domi and Ruth fought. So, they parted ways. He said that his feelings and love for Kathy were all on Kathy. But, he couldn't find out about her in the last few years. He didn't know where she was working and in which hospital. So, they both didn't know each other. But, they somehow managed to meet Kathy and Ruth. When he said this, we were all confused. Ruth told Dami that she loves him. Even after that, if we had told Kathy that she loves him, Dami would have accepted her. But, I was totally jealous of him. Because if you two had joined together, I would have become a single tree. Because you loved Dami so much. You loved him with all your heart. You loved and cared for him. I got used to the anger and jealousy that you both would leave me if this continues. But seeing us getting used to each other, you sacrificed your love. You hid it from Dami without even telling her. You were trapped by love. I hurt you even more. Instead of taking it seriously, after all these years, you are still caring for me, loving me and being my friend. You can't go back to our lives and give that love life to you. But, she took an address to say that she was going to do something for them. This address is the address of our school headmistress. You go to her house and ask her to join you and postpone your donation for a few days. That deferral is true. After the two of them are qualified for the donation, they will live together for 5 years. So, to verify that a couple is truly in love, this art and drawings have been mentioned in our school life. He has drawn a lot of drawings for Dami. You will also draw well. Your drawings will definitely be in the gallery. So, take both of them and verify them. You both can live happily for 5 years and ask them to donate. Kathy says, When she was in school for the first time, she would have called Dami and said something. She said that art and drawings are not important. So, as you say, this deferral is not at all. Our inner thoughts and feelings in our drawings, they will not understand and make us agree with them. She said that it was just for art gallery. But they both said that it was definitely a thing. Because Dami also loves Cathy. It was not possible in her previous life. She said that we can live together in this life. She said that with a sense of regret. Then she showed Dami's drawings. So, I found you and with your drawings and my drawings, I worked hard to make us happy for a few days. When did you do this? That day, the couple, the three of us, went to the restaurant and told that thing. Since then, I have learnt to draw little by little even though I couldn't draw. So, the drawings are superb. While watching that, he asked me, You asked me when we were going to the forest. You said you were going to do the deferral with Ruth. But I said no. Do you know why I said that? I came to tell you because we were together. But you kept on crying from there. Then you left the forest and left. Since childhood, you were just talking to me as a friend. I thought you didn't have any feelings. But he says that Ruth told him everything only after he left. It's a very happy thing to hear. So we can definitely apply for deferral with these drawings. We can be happy and peaceful for the next 5 years without coming near the hospital. They are very happy with this expectation. Cathy is happier with Dami than with Dami. Because she would have built so many dreams in her childhood. Those dreams are now in front of her eyes. After this, Cathy is with Dami. Every second with her is like a treasure to her. She enjoys every moment with him. From her childhood, she is filled with affection, feelings, and feelings of love. She is very happy looking at the bright future. Before going to see the Headmistress for the Deferral, she goes to the hospital to see Ruth. Ruth has her third surgery today. I don't know if she will cross the next stage after this. But nothing will happen to her. She and I are going to see the Headmistress for the Deferral. She says, okay, go and come. But even then, she feels a pain in her heart because she feels that she will never see her friends again. She feels sorry for her and she is also undergoing surgery. Ruth is also going to die in this surgery. Both of them are very happy to see the headmistress. Another teacher called Ms. Emily and asked who was in her house. When asked what was the matter, they said that they loved each other. This is my drawing and the one that Cathy drew is in the gallery. Please verify both of them. We love each other. We love each other. Give us Defferel, and give us a 5 year donation. When asked, another lady comes in a wheelchair. She is the headmistress. She is old and in a wheelchair. She knows both of them well. Gathe is a smart and smart girl. Damini, you don't get angry often, right? What brought you here? We came for Defferel. We love her dearly. You can verify our drawings. They are saying that there is no difference between us. Do you know why our school was demolished? Do you know what our school's purpose is? Our school is a school that was created to save you from this. We brought all the art and drawings that you drew in school to the world. These are drawings drawn by clone children. They too have inner thoughts, feelings, love, friendship. They have everything like ordinary children. Our school was created to save you from this. We tried to bring out the drawings and make them available to society. But since you had medical benefits, no one accepted it. They started looking at you as a different person. So they decided to stop our school and beat us up. Miss Lucy tried to get the kids to go to school. But the headmistress didn't let them. They would have been a little honest and said that their future would be like this. They would have been in a dilemma and that's why they would have quit. After they left the school, they would have taken all the drawings and art and made it public. But it would have failed and that's why they left the school. So, both of them are expressing their emotions and loving each other. We are not going to postpone your donation. According to the medical department here, you are just a creature created to donate to them. Kathy and Hiran were stunned to hear this. They had hoped that a happy future would come to us in such a short time. Everything was a mess. When they came back from the car, they were in a state of silence. They asked if they could stop the car for a second. Tommy came out and screamed. Both of them were crying and holding on. It would be very difficult to see this. If you cut it like that, it would be a present. So this is what we have seen so far. In the observation class, Cathy is here. Domiya is brought to the operation theatre. Before the operation, both of them laugh and laugh. So you go and come. I will come too. That is how our hero's smile is. They make him faint and cry. That's it. He closes his eyes. Domiya is also dead. After two weeks, Domiya cannot come back from the dead. Our hero takes the car and comes to a place. Where does she come from? She comes from the school. They have destroyed the school. Now there is only one floor. She is seeing many memories of her life. Her life and her love have all gone. Her memories, her love, her happy moments, her laughter, her speech, her voice, all of these are gone. The school is empty now. Everyone in her life has gone. These memories are all her memories. So, the heart is under a certain pressure. I have only one month to let go of this pressure. So, after one month, she has my operation. That's what the background voice says. So, where the fall started, she saw it with many stares and cried. That's how this film ends, with a dream-like heart. I hope this story has somehow broken you. What do you think? Comment your feelings below. Give this video a like. And don't forget to subscribe.